Gordon
Ask about temp logs
Riley: *Pulls out temp check logs* "You signed off these temp check logs?"#Gordon: "I don"t know you tell me."#Riley: "Your initials are signed beside 5 consecutive readings of  0.2 degrees. Sounds awfully too consistent to me."#Gordon: "Must"ve been Reegal signing off for me, I don"t think he actually knows how they work. He probably just copied what I wrote. I think I should sue."
6
Ask about smell
Riley: "Didn"t it smell bad in here with all the fish you let rot?"#Gordon: "No it takes a couple of hours before the fish start to smell like you do. Have you ever heard of deodorant bro?"
21
Ask about being later
Riley: "Why did you come in 30 minutes late last night?"#Gordon: "None of your business. I was busy."#Riley: "Yeah? Busy with what?"#Gordon: "Busy with your mom. "
11
Ask about the seafood order
Riley: "Hey, did you work the seafood order last night?"#Gordon: "Yeah, I figured I"d do it instead of the moron who"s in this morning."
-3
Ask about cooler
Riley: "Well, Did you notice anything off about the cooler?"#Gordon: "Yeah I noticed the salmon pile all over the floor, the one beside the thermostat. You know you"re supposed to clean up after yourself right?"
0
Ask who was closing
Riley: "Were you closing by yourself last night?"#Gordon: "No, it was me and Reegal. That guy is useless. He was asking stupid questions like "what temperature does fish go bad at?""
1
Ask about Spartahacks
Riley: "Hey are you going to SpartaHacks?"#Gordon: "Uhhh yeah when is it again?"#Riley: "It starts in like ten minutes."#Gordon: "Oh I thought it was next week. Thank you for reminding me."
-4
Ask about shift
Riley: "Hey do you still need me to take your shift tomorrow?"#Gordon: "Yeah can you?"#Riley: "Yeah"#Gordon: "Thank you."
-5
Ask about Christmas
Riley: "Are you going anywhere for Christmas?"#Gordon: "Nah, staying at home gonna work some more hours."#Riley: "Yeah me too man."
-4
Reegal
Ask about salmon pile
Riley: "Why"d you leave that pile of Salmon on the ground in the cooler?"#Reegal: "..."
7
Ask about frequent breaks
Riley: "Why"d you keep sneaking off to the break room yesterday?"#Reegal "..."
7
Ask about after work habits
Riley: "What did you do after you got home yesterday?"#Reegal: "Just a lot cleaning around the house and finished up the Chris Hadfield Problem"
2
Ask who closed
Riley: "Who closed last night?"#Reegal: "Gordon and I closed last night, I had a lot of issues with the cooler though."
-2
Ask about transfers
Riley: "When did you transfer to the Seafood Department?"#Reegal: "I"ve been here for 5 months now I think."#Riley: "That"s a really long time to still not have the hang of things"
5
Ask who was last in the cooler
Riley: "Who was the last person in the cooler last night?"#Reegal: "After Gordan and I finished up the work, Colin said he left his keys in there and went to get them after having helped out."
2
Ask about school work
Riley: "How"ve your class loads been?"#Reegal: "Light for the most part except Calculus and Vectors."
-5
Ask about weekend plans
Riley: "What"re you up to this weekend?"#Reegal: "I have family visiting so we are all going out to eat at some Indian restaurant my mom picked out"
-10
Ask his favourite drink
Riley: "What"s your drink of choice?"#Reegal: "I just can"t get enough of Dr. Pepper, something about cherry flavoured sodas in general just have me hooked."
-10
Colin
Ask about the cooler
Riley: "Why were you in the seafood cooler last night?"#Colin: "I just left my keys in there."#Riley: "How do you lose your keys in a department you don"t work in?"#Colin: "I was just helping out and I had to use my keys to cut the boxes."#Riley: "Next time just ask for a boxcutter."
10
Ask about the Hot Deli
Riley: "Why did the Hot Deli do so bad this financial quarter?"#Colin: "It"s not our fault the supply trucks were too busy delivering seafood rather than chicken tenders."#Riley: "Yeah definitely."
9
Ask about the thermostat
Riley: "Did you notice anything wrong with the thermostat in the fish cooler?"#Colin: "No it was fine when I was in, cold as usual."#Riley: "Hmm something seems fishy."
13
Ask about helping out
Riley: "How come you were helping out in seafood when hot deli was already busy?"#Colin: "Reegal asked me for help and I knew I could stay late to handle it."
-1
Ask about staying late
Riley: "So how late did you end up staying last night?"#Colin: "Just an extra 45 minutes, II just needed to do some cleaning and all."
-3
Ask about salmon
Riley: "How do you feel about salmon?"#Colin: "I hate it. Worst food ever."
1
Ask about the weekend
Riley "What are you up to this weekend?"#Colin "Mind your own business."
1
Ask about potato wedges
Riley "So what"s the secret ingredient that makes the potato wedges so good?"#Colin "How would I know? We get them shipped in frozen and pre-prepared."#Riley "You don"t know anything about how they"re made?"#Colin "All I know is that too many of those things will kill you."
-4
Ask about SpartaHacks
Riley "You excited for SpartaHacks?"#Colin "What's a SpartaHack?"
-5
Jason
Ask about leaving early
Riley "How come you left 15 minutes early last night?"#Jason "Some things take a higher priority. I had other business to attend to."
5
Ask about loyalty
Riley "I heard you were thinking about quitting. If another department asked you to sabotage us, would you do it?"#Jason "My loyalties are fluid and change with time. Keep talking like that and they"ll flow to another counter."
30
Ask about mysteriousness
Riley "Why can"t you just give me a straight answer?"#Jason "If I lead you to all the answers, you won"t learn how to find them yourself."
3
Ask about the Hot Deli
Riley "What do you think of the Hot Deli?"#Jason "Without their potato wedges, life would lose its worth."
-3
Ask about Produce
Riley "What do you think of Produce?"#Jason "Fruits and vegetables are the scourge of the nation."#Riley "Don"t you think we need to eat healthier? Obesity is on the rise, you know. It could be this generation"s worst killer."#Jason "Overpopulation is a problem, too."
2
Ask about his plans after he quits
Riley "What do you think you"ll do after you leave Zehrs?"#Jason "I plan to reflect upon the interconnection between all components of the Earth."#Riley "Woah. Sounds heavy."#Jason "You wouldn"t understand it."
-3
Ask about his weekend
Riley "What are you up to this weekend?"#Jason "I"m doing some volunteering at the local insane asylum."#Riley "That"s really generous of you. You must feel pretty good about yourself."#Jason "Not really. Family reunions are a b****."
-1
Ask about SpartaHacks
Riley "You excited for SpartaHacks?"#Jason "Yeah. I"m gonna make an seafood-based RPG."#Riley "That sounds super great. I bet it"ll win first place."
-3
Sit in silence
Riley "..."#Jason "..."
-20